*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 70783 ***






  Transcriber’s Note
  Italic text displayed as: _italic_




[Illustration:

  This little book
  is from the library of

  ————————
  ————————
  ————————

  When you have read, and laughed with glee
  Please bring this book right back to me.]




  UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO
  or
  HOW THE SKILLERY SKALLERY ALLIGATOR WAS BUMPED
  and
  UNCLE WIGGILY AND HIS SNOW PLOW
  also
  HOW THE BUNNY RABBIT GENTLEMAN WATERED THE GARDEN

  [Illustration: Rabbit with wrench]

  TEXT BY
  HOWARD R. GARIS
  Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPERTROTS and BED TIME STORIES

  PICTURED BY
  LANG CAMPBELL

  NEWARK, N. J.
  CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
  NEW YORK




IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.


So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal
shovel away from the gas stove, you may read

   1. UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.
   2. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.
   3. UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.
   4. UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.
   5. UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.
   6. UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.
   7. UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.
   8. UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.
   9. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.
  10. UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.
  11. UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.
  12. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.
  13. UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.
  14. UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.
  15. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.
  16. UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.
  17. UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.
  18. UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.
  19. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WATER SPOUT.
  20. UNCLE WIGGILY’S LAUGHING GAS BALLOONS.
  21. UNCLE WIGGILY’S EMPTY WATCH.
  22. UNCLE WIGGILY’S RADIO.
  23. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE BEAVER BOYS.
  24. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE TURKEY GOBBLER.

  Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration:

  Uncle Wiggily (signature)
  HIS MARK]


  _Made in U. S. A._

  Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
  Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924, 1927, Charles E. Graham & Co.,
   Newark, N.J., and New York.




[Illustration: Empty car]


1. “This is too lovely weather to stay in the hollow stump bungalow,”
said Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy one day. “I’ll get Uncle Wiggily to take
me for a ride in his automobile.” Going to the door the muskrat lady
housekeeper called: “Wiggy! Oh, Wiggy! Where are you?” But no answer
came, though the car was in plain sight in the yard. “I wonder if he
has gone adventuring by himself?” said Nurse Jane.

[Illustration: Wiggily with wrench]

2. Once more the muskrat lady called. And then a voice, faint and far
off answered her: “What do you want?” The muskrat lady nearly jumped
out of her skin. “Where in the world are you, Wiggy?” she asked. “I’d
like you to take me for a ride.” Uncle Wiggily crawled from beneath
the machine. “I have been fixing the car so it would ride faster and
better,” he answered. “I’ll soon be ready for you.”

[Illustration: Car with front wheels off the ground]

3. The rabbit gentleman washed himself clean of oil and black dirt,
and, dressed in his best suit, he started to take Nurse Jane for a
ride. “Maybe we’ll have some adventures,” spoke the muskrat lady.
At first the auto ran along very easily. But, all of a sudden, it
reared up on its hind wheels like a skittish horse and began moving
backward. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily, what did you do to it?” cried Nurse
Jane.

[Illustration: Car on right two wheels]

4. “I didn’t do anything to the auto except fix it,” said Uncle
Wiggily. “Yes, you fixed it all right!” cried Nurse Jane. And just
then the car settled down on all four wheels and began to race around
a tree like playing Ring in the Rosie game. “Oh, what is going to
happen now?” squeaked Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy. Uncle Wiggily held her in as
the car skidded on two wheels. “Don’t jump!” shouted the rabbit.

[Illustration: Car on front two wheels]

5. Uncle Wiggily twisted this way and that way on the steering wheel,
and finally the auto stopped skidding around the tree. “Now I guess
we are all right,” laughed the bunny rabbit. “Anyhow, you wanted some
adventures, Nurse Jane, and you are getting them.” Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy
sniffed. “Yes, I’m getting them all right,” she said. “Oh, what’s it
doing now?” she cried, as the auto tilted up again.

[Illustration: Alligator chasing car]

6. By hard work, Uncle Wiggily saved Nurse Jane from falling out of
the car. And by speaking kind words to the machine, and by putting a
little talcum powder on the radiator, the rabbit gentleman at last
got his auto to settle down and jog along as it should do. But, all
of a sudden, as Nurse Jane looked back, wondering how many miles they
had come, she saw the Skillery Skallery Alligator. Oh my!

[Illustration: Car speeding along with alligator behind]

7. “Ho! Ho!” bellowed the Alligator, opening wide his big mouth. “I
shall soon have some fine ear-nibbles.” Then he flipped his tail and
he flapped his tail and after Uncle Wiggily’s auto the Alligator
ran. “Oh, go fast! Go fast, Uncle Wiggily!” cried Nurse Jane. So the
rabbit uncle made his car go as fast as he could. “I hope it plays no
more tricks,” thought Uncle Wiggily. “If it does, we are lost!”

[Illustration: Car chasing alligator]

8. All of a sudden, when the Alligator had almost caught Uncle
Wiggily and Nurse Jane, the auto gave a shiver and a shake. “Oh, it’s
going to cut up some more tricks!” cried the rabbit. “Come, Nurse
Jane, we’ll get on the back seat.” And, no sooner were they safe on
the back seat than the automobile turned around, all by itself, and
began to chase the Alligator. “Now it is my turn!” honked the auto.

[Illustration: Car hits alligator]

9. Faster and faster the auto ran after the Alligator. “Ha! Ha!”
laughed Nurse Jane. “I wonder how the Skillery Skallery chap likes
being chased? Keep on, Auto!” And the auto kept on, until, all of a
sudden, it reached the Alligator, and, bumping the bad chap with the
front wheels, sent the ’Gator flying over the trees. “Ah, now I can
faint safely,” sighed Nurse Jane. And the Squiggle Bugs danced.

And if the cream puff doesn’t jump into the pickle jar to hide away
from the chocolate cake when they’re playing tag, the next pictures
and story will tell how


[Illustration: Wolf standing in snow]


UNCLE WIGGILY WITH HIS SNOW PLOW, A KINDNESS TRIED TO DO. THE FOX AND
WOLF WERE VERY MEAN. THAT’S WHAT I THINK; DON’T YOU? I HOPE SO!

[Illustration: Pigs pulling snow plow]

1. One day, after a heavy fall of snow, Uncle Wiggily got out his
snow plow, and, with Curly and Floppy Twistytail, started to plow a
path around the hollow stump bungalow. “Now Nurse Jane can get out
and go to the three and four-cent store,” said the bunny. “I know
someone who can’t get out!” barked Jackie Bow Wow. “Grandpa Goosey is
snowed in!” The bunny said he’d plow him out.

[Illustration: Pigs pulling snow plow fast]

2. “Come, boys!” called Uncle Wiggily to Curly and Floppy, when he
heard that his friend Grandfather Goosey Gander was snowed in. “We
must dig him out.” Off they started and the piggie boys went so fast
that they scattered a shower of snow on either side. “If anyone was
there,” grunted Curly, “we’d snow them under.” Floppy said that was
so. On they went, faster and faster to the pen of Grandpa Goosey.

[Illustration: Wiggily and goose]

3. Reaching the goose gentleman’s house, Uncle Wiggily saw that it
was all snowed in, for there had been a blizzard. “But we’ll soon
make a path for him!” cried Mr. Longears, twinkling his pink nose.
“Lively now, piggie boys!” Around the house they went with the snow
plow, Uncle Wiggily steering it. “Thank you for digging me out!”
quacked Grandpa. “Uncle Butter is next,” mewed Tommie Kat.

[Illustration: Pigs with plow at goat house]

4. “What’s that?” cried Uncle Wiggily as he heard Tommie mewing.
“Your friend Uncle Butter, the goat, is also snowed up,” said Tommie.
“We must snow plow him out!” cried Uncle Wiggily. “Hurry, piggie
boys!” Very soon they came to a big wall of snow. Over the top they
saw a chimney. “Uncle Butter lives there,” said Curly. “But our plow
can never get through all that snow. What shall we do?”

[Illustration: Goat flying through snow]

5. All of a sudden, as Uncle Wiggily and the piggie boys were
wondering how to get Uncle Butter out of his snow-drifted house,
there sounded a loud: “Baa-a-a-a-a!” Then through the snow wall came
the goat gentleman, head first. “How did you get out?” asked Uncle
Wiggily, as the goat flew over his head. “I lowered my horns and I
butted my way through the snow,” bleated the goat. “Now I’ll help
you.”

[Illustration: Goat and pigs pull snow plow]

6. After Uncle Butter burst his way through the snow, he helped the
piggies pull the snow plow, and they cleared a path around the goat’s
house. “We must dig out more of my friends,” said Uncle Wiggily. Off
they started again, and at last they came to two big heaps of snow.
“Hum!” said the bunny. “Some of my friends must live here, though I
can’t remember who they are. But I’ll plow them out.”

[Illustration: Fox and wolf jump from snow mounds]

7. All of a sudden, just as Uncle Wiggily was going to plow around
the two snow mounds, to dig out those whom he thought were his
friends—all at once, from one mound burst the Fox, and from the other
the Wolf. “Ha! Ha!” snickered the bad chaps. “That’s the time we
fooled Uncle Wiggily. He thought we were his friends, but now we can
nibble his ears.” You can imagine how sad Uncle Wiggily felt.

[Illustration: Snow plow covers wolf and fox]

8. Just as the Fox and Wolf jumped to catch Uncle Wiggily by the
ears, Uncle Butter bleated: “Come on, piggie boys! We’ll fool these
bad chaps. Come on! We’ll scatter snow over them and cover them up
again as they were at first. Then they can’t nibble us!” Off started
the goat gentleman and the piggie boys pulling Uncle Wiggily on the
plow. On either side shot out a stream of snow over the Fox and the
Wolf.

[Illustration: Goat and Wiggily wave hats]

9. “Oh wow!” howled the Fox, as he felt himself being snowed in
again. “Double-wow!” howled the Wolf. “And we get no ear nibbles
after all. It’s all your fault, for being so hasty, Mr. Fox!” Then
the Fox snarled and said: “’Tisn’t at all! It was your fault!” And
there they were, stuck back in snow drifts as before. And then the
piggie boys pulled Uncle Wiggily and Uncle Butter off on the snow
plow.

And if the jumping jack doesn’t try to ride the rocking horse around
the dining room table and fall off and down into the salt cellar, the
next pictures and story will tell how




[Illustration: Wiggily with water hose]




UNCLE WIGGILY WATERS HIS GARDEN AND HIS NEIGHBORS, AND WHEN BUSHY
BEAR CAME LUMBERING ALONG HE WAS WATERED TOO.

[Illustration: Wiggily gets hose to water the garden]

1. There had been no rain in a long time, so Uncle Wiggily said: “I
will take the hose and water the garden.” Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy, in
the hollow stump bungalow, heard the bunny gentleman getting ready to
sprinkle. “Be careful,” she warned Uncle Wiggily. “Don’t get wet and
don’t splash any of the neighbors.” The bunny gave a jolly laugh and
said he guessed he knew how to handle a simple little hose.

[Illustration: Wiggily looking at hose end]

2. Uncle Wiggily unwound the hose, fastened one end to the faucet
and then he turned the nozzle toward the garden, which was very dry.
But the water was a long time coming. “I wonder if the hose can be
stopped up?” thought Uncle Wiggily. “Water ought to be spurting out
by this time. I’ll look down the nozzle and see what’s the matter. I
certainly can’t wet my garden without some water.”

[Illustration: Water sprays Wiggily]

3. All of a sudden, when Uncle Wiggily was squinting down the hose
nozzle, the water quickly spurted out. Before the rabbit gentleman
could jump away he got his face full of water. “Oh, my goodness!”
exclaimed Mr. Longears. “I didn’t think it was going to do that!” In
the window of the bungalow Nurse Jane couldn’t help laughing. “Didn’t
I tell you to be careful, Wiggy, my dear!” she called out.

[Illustration: Wiggily wrapped by hose]

4. Uncle Wiggily began to grow excited. He jumped about and tried to
pull the hose straight so he might water his garden, but the hose
kinked itself around one of his paws. “Oh my!” he cried. “I must be
very careful or I’ll fall and bump my pink nose.” The bunny danced
about, trying to get loose from the hose. But all the while the water
was spurting out, and, as he waved the nozzle, he scattered showers.

[Illustration: Wiggily spraying himself]

5. At last Uncle Wiggily hopped out of the kinky loop of the hose,
and he was just going to start watering his garden when up rose Mrs.
Twistytail, the lady pig. “Look what you did to me, Uncle Wiggily!”
she cried, shaking her parasol at him. “I’m soaking wet!” And the
rabbit gentleman was so flustered that he stuck the hose straight up
in the air. Well—what goes up must come down, you know!

[Illustration: Wiggily spraying water into house]

6. “I beg your pardon, Mrs. Twistytail! I really beg your pardon!”
exclaimed Uncle Wiggily. The pig lady grunted and waddled away to
get dry. Then the bunny noticed how wet he, himself, was. “Oh, I
must wring out my coat!” he exclaimed. He laid aside the hose for a
moment, but he never saw that he had pointed it at the open kitchen
window of his bungalow. “Swish!” went the water in the window.

[Illustration: Wiggily spraying goat]

7. Nurse Jane was in the kitchen, baking a lollypop pie, and when
she felt the water coming in she rushed to the window and cried:
“Oh, stop it, Uncle Wiggily! Stop it!” The rabbit gentleman grew
so excited that he grabbed up the hose and, before he knew it he
was sprinkling Uncle Butter the goat. “Don’t wet me!” bleated Uncle
Butter. “Save the water for the bushy Bear! He’s coming along!”

[Illustration: Bear coming]

8. “Oh, Uncle Butter! I beg your pardon, also!” cried Uncle Wiggily,
as he saw what he had done. “Never mind about begging pardons,”
bleated the goat. “Get ready for the Bear. He’s right behind me!”
And, surely enough, the Bushy Bear came lumbering around the corner
of the hollow stump bungalow. “Give me some ear nibbles!” he growled.
“Give him the hose!” cried Uncle Butter.

[Illustration: Wiggily sprays bear]

9. “Ha! That’s a good idea!” exclaimed the bunny as the Bear made
a rush for him. “Good morning, Mr. Bear!” went on Mr. Longears,
politely. “Have you washed your face today? If you haven’t I’ll
wash it for you!” And with that he sozzled the Bear good. “Ha! Ha!”
laughed Uncle Butter. “Do you want any ears to nibble?” The Bear
flopped a somersault, growling: “This is too much! I’ll be good!”

[Illustration:

  When you have finished reading this nice little book, perhaps you
  would like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

  If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle
  Wiggily Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in
  and 31 stories—one for every night in the month. If the book store
  man has none of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct
  to the Publishers,


  A. L. BURT COMPANY,
  114 EAST 23rd STREET
  NEW YORK CITY]




[Illustration: LOOK HERE!

[Illustration: Book]

This handsome book has large color pictures throughout and wonderful
stories. Ask the book store man for _Adventures of Uncle Wiggily_.


  CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
  NEWARK, N. J.]




  Transcriber’s Notes

  pg 9 Changed: she saw the Skillery Scallery Alligator
            to: she saw the Skillery Skallery Alligator

  pg 31 Changed: Give he some ear nibbles
             to: Give me some ear nibbles



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 70783 ***
